All right.
Welcome back my students.
So now that we have our validations in place we can submit anything here.
It gets redirected it's time for us to display the arrows right.
I think it's a good place for us to do that.
So let's go here to our create form and users and let's start doing this.
So now we don't want to display errors unless they are available to us and we know that they are available
to us globally right.
OK.
So let's just make sure that we have any errors so let's do a count here.
These are native predefined function from BHB count.
You action already.
If the errors has something right.
If it's bigger than zero we have something and we're going to display it.
All right.
So what I want to do is create a diff.
With a class so that way we can see something happening something red.
So I think as a class if I remember correctly called alert I think I've got to do alert danger.
All right.
I usually have a template for this.
I like the template guys and I said yes you get one.
It's very useful.
All my other user on this computer I have in my copy in my other copy of BHB story of how a template
for this.
So I don't type it all the time.
And let's do a UL for each errors or error.
And for each and I don't the indentation.
All right.
And we're going to do this error.
OK let's look at and see if it works.
We can also use an include here guys just to do this.
It makes sense to do includes especially for stuff like this.
Right.
So let's go ahead and refresh year and let's submit this.
Now you can see all the arrows down here.
All right.
So guys it's very easy to do includes with blade.
Or you have to do is do this include
like that and you give it a name where you want that to be found.
So let's actually do it right now.
Let's actually take this out.
All right.
And that's two
resources views.
Call this file includes if you want to.
And when we do this we're just sitting here actually now that should be a four not a 5 guys.
All right.
Taking a little bit to delete.
That's OK.
Let's create a father let's call this includes from people called Parshall's or you know militias do
form create a form form error or something form
you can call it whatever you want.
I'm just going to call it form error.
That's OK.
So here you come into do this and make sure that you go to the user here and here you're going to be
typing in includes that form error.
All right.
OK.
Let's go to this form and see if it still works.
Antar.
And as you can see it still works.
All right.
So that way you can minimize your code a little bit and then start including stuff all over.
Which sometimes makes sense right.
And I think that I also why I recommend to use that you create a live template for this.
All right.
So that way you can you know how to you know write this over and over and over again.
Thank you so much for watching guys and I'll see you on the next lecture which is going to be pretty
exciting.
All right.
Take care.